[Appsource][Content-update][1570501] (#2947)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/post-publish/overview.md

 >[!div class="checklist"]
>
> * A bot is added or removed.
> * An existing bot's unique `botId` value is changed.
> * An existing bot's `isNotificationOnly` boolean value is changed.

> > * An existing bot's `supportsFiles` and `supportsCalling` boolean values are changed.

Reviewer: Could you please change it to or? 

`supportsFiles` **or** `supportsCalling`

> > * A bot is added or removed.
> > * An existing bot's unique `botId` value is changed.
> > * An existing bot's `isNotificationOnly` property is changed.
> > * An existing bot's `supportsFiles` `supportsCalling` properties are changed.
> > * A messaging extension `composeExtensions` is added or removed.
> > * A new connector is added.
> > * A new static or personal tab is added.
> > * A new configurable group or channel tab is added.
> > * The properties inside `webApplicationInfo` are changed. For changes to `webApplicationInfo`, consent is only required in Team scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> * A bot is added or removed.
> * An existing bot's unique `botId` value is changed.
> * An existing bot's `isNotificationOnly` boolean value is changed.
> * An existing bot's `supportsFiles` and `supportsCalling` boolean values are changed.
> * A messaging extension `composeExtensions` is added or removed.
> * A new connector is added.
> * A new static or personal tab is added.
> * A new configurable group or channel tab is added.
> * The properties inside `webApplicationInfo` are changed. For changes to `webApplicationInfo`, consent is only required in the Teams scope.
```
